Hey, hey, look
Luojia Shentong
This is the highest order of Luo Family's full strength
Is this person really a servant?
Xuan Xuan
What the hell is going on?
If it is not good, you will deceive the Yang family's property.
It must not be exposed at this time
How dare you!
He actually took a random token to pretend to be the god's order
You know?
If the family is eligible to hold the God's Capital Order
No more than 3
Even Du Chenhui is not dressed enough
Yes, God makes it so precious
How could I give you a little slave hand?
Luo Yingxuan, you are too brave
Making gods is a great sin
Believe it or not, I'll call the police now.
Take you all in
Okay, call the police
Let the guards check it out
Is this divine decree true or false?
I guess so.
Can't let the guards come
If it turns out to be true, it's over
All right. I'll call the police now.
Don't regret it then
Don't hit
What's wrong, Luo Shanshan?
afraid